readme.md, before:

# Structure of the API

**By Gabriel Rosales**

Semester project, asked by the proffesor Byron Vasquez, this API is intended to be consume by a java desktop application and a webpage

It solves the problem set by a pharmacy that needs a new system to handle sells and inventory.

Super user test:
test@gmail.com
password

## Models:

### User (employee):
    - Name (String - full name)
    - Rol (Int - employee or manager, etc, level of access)
    - Phone (String)
    - Adress (String - short address)
    - Email (String - id)
    - status (Bool - active or not)
    - employeeNumber(String - carnet)
    - schedule (Int - map with different turns and schedules)

### Supplier:
    - Name (String - full company name)
    - Phone (String)
    - Adress (String - short address)
    - Email (String)
    - month (Array - String[])
    - ProductFamily (Array - ProductFamily[])

### Client:
    - Name (String - full company name)
    - Phone (String)
    - Adress (String - short address)
    - Email (String - id)
    - Recepits (Array - Receipt[])

### ProductFamily (Manages stock of a product):
    - ProductName (String - full product name)
    - UnitPrice (FLoat)
    - Stock (Int)
    - Supplier (Supplier - id)

### Product (Goes to a receipt, and gets saved):
    - ProductName (String - full product name)
    - ExplirationDate (Date)
    - PriceAtMoment (Float)
    - ProductFamily (ProductFamily - id)

### Sell:
    - Products (Array - Product[])
    - Cost (Int - Sumatory of all the PriceAtMoment)

### Receipt:
    - Employee (Employee)
    - Client (Client)
    - Sell (Sell)
    - TotalCost (Cost adding iva)
    - Date (Date)

## Apps:

### Users:

App that holds the custom user model, used for the employees.

### Products:

App that holds the individual products, suppliers and the family of products

### Sells:

App that holds the sells (carts), clients and the receipts

## Endpoints

### All models

host/ app_name / model_name

    - Get all list of the models
    - Post can post a new item
    - /id GET can get a specific item
    - /id PUT can update a specific item

Example: http://127.0.0.1:8000/sells/receipts/

### Client receipts

    - host/products/clientReceipts/id/

Example : http://127.0.0.1:8000/products/clientReceipts/1/

### User receipts

    - host/users/userReceipts/

Example: http://127.0.0.1:8000/users/userReceipts/

### Create a sell, that has products who are born out of the product family

    pending...

Commit message:

add items to cart and delete items from cart

readme.md, after:

# Structure of the API

**By Gabriel Rosales**

Semester project, asked by the proffesor Byron Vasquez, this API is intended to be consume by a java desktop application and a webpage

It solves the problem set by a pharmacy that needs a new system to handle sells and inventory.

Super user test:
test@gmail.com
password

## Models:

### User (employee):
    - Name (String - full name)
    - Rol (Int - employee or manager, etc, level of access)
    - Phone (String)
    - Adress (String - short address)
    - Email (String - id)
    - status (Bool - active or not)
    - employeeNumber(String - carnet)
    - schedule (Int - map with different turns and schedules)

### Supplier:
    - Name (String - full company name)
    - Phone (String)
    - Adress (String - short address)
    - Email (String)
    - month (Array - String[])
    - ProductFamily (Array - ProductFamily[])

### Client:
    - Name (String - full company name)
    - Phone (String)
    - Adress (String - short address)
    - Email (String - id)
    - Recepits (Array - Receipt[])

### ProductFamily (Manages stock of a product):
    - ProductName (String - full product name)
    - UnitPrice (FLoat)
    - Stock (Int)
    - Supplier (Supplier - id)

### Product (Goes to a receipt, and gets saved):
    - ProductName (String - full product name)
    - ExplirationDate (Date)
    - PriceAtMoment (Float)
    - ProductFamily (ProductFamily - id)

### Sell:
    - Products (Array - Product[])
    - Cost (Int - Sumatory of all the PriceAtMoment)
    - Client (Int - connection to the user)
    - Status (Bool - if its a close car or it is the cart that the user is using)

### Receipt:
    - Employee (Employee)
    - Client (Client)
    - Sell (Sell)
    - TotalCost (Cost adding iva)
    - Date (Date)

## Apps:

### Users:

App that holds the custom user model, used for the employees.

### Products:

App that holds the individual products, suppliers and the family of products

### Sells:

App that holds the sells (carts), clients and the receipts

## Endpoints

### All models

host/ app_name / model_name

    - Get all list of the models
    - Post can post a new item
    - /id GET can get a specific item
    - /id PUT can update a specific item

Example: http://127.0.0.1:8000/sells/receipts/

### Client receipts - GET

    - host/products/clientReceipts/id/

Example : http://127.0.0.1:8000/products/clientReceipts/1/

### User receipts - GET

    - host/users/userReceipts/

Example: http://127.0.0.1:8000/users/userReceipts/

### Adds an item to a sell, that has products who are born out of the product family and assigned to a client - PUT

    - host/sells/updateCart/sellid/productFamilyid/clientid

Example : http://127.0.0.1:8000/sells/updateCart/1/1/1

### Deletes an item to a sell - DELETE

    - host/sells/deleteitemcart/sellid/productid/clientid

Example : http://127.0.0.1:8000/sells/deleteitemcart/1/6/1
